Add `osu!catch World Cup 2025: Finals Recap` news post (#13530)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-07-19-osucatch-world-cup-2025-finals-recap.md

Finland had done it, this year was the one they would finally achieve a podium finish in CWC. Had a couple of close picks gone slightly differently, Chile could have made it, but not this time. Now having to play in the losers' bracket final, Finland's biggest challenge is ahead of them. They are the clear underdogs in the final three, but they also have nothing to lose. Tune in to their match this week to see what will happen next!

### ::{ flag=US }:: United States vs. ::{ flag=AR }:: Argentina

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/118668269)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2511614013)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?autoplay=false&parent=osu.ppy.sh&video=2511614013" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

> There it was, the duel of titans. To anyone following the osu!catch scene, it was no surprise to see the winners' bracket opposing the United States (#1) and Argentina (#2). After last year, a newfound rivalry formed between these Grand Finalists. The United States won 7—4, coming off of the winners' bracket, and ending the tournament without a single match lost, while Argentina themselves had only lost to the United States prior to the Grand Finals. This year however, Argentina had only gotten stronger and were looking to get their revenge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There it was — the duel of titans. For anyone following the osu!catch scene, it was no surprise to see the winners' bracket featuring the United States (#1) and Argentina (#2). After last year, a newfound rivalry had formed between these Grand Finalists. The United States won 7–4, coming from the winners' bracket, and ending the tournament without dropping a single match. Argentina, meanwhile, had only lost to the United States prior to the Grand Finals. This year, however, things were different. Argentina had only grown stronger — and they were out for revenge.
```
